An update to S68 (Deleted diameter topology) (#1382)
pi-base/data: spaces/S000068/properties/P000082.md

---
space: S000068
property: P000082
value: false
refs:
- doi: 10.1007/978-1-4612-6290-9_6
  name: Counterexamples in Topology
---

> Every open subset of $X$ contains an open Euclidean disc. Closure of any neighbourhood of its center
> contains the diameter of a (possibly smaller) disc, hence the neighbourhood is not {P10} and consequently not {P53}.
> 
> Cf. item #2 for space #76 in {{doi:10.1007/978-1-4612-6290-9_6}}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every open subset of $X$ contains an open Euclidean disc.
That disc with the subspace topology induced from $X$ is not {P10},
using the same argument to show that {S68|P10}.
Therefore that disc is not {P53}.
```
